Aren't we husband and wife? Husband and wife should sleep together.
Don’t we have to be reasonable? Isn’t this inappropriate for you?
No, my head hurts so much, hurry up, hurry up
Need anyone to enter the water
People say that it takes ten years of cultivation to achieve simultaneous translation.
A century of common struggle and change
For those who have a hundred years like you and me, please ask
How can you look at me?
I'm going to die because of a headache.
This parking space
No, no, no
secretly secretly
Why don't you sleep with this guy every day?
I know she said I am the most stupid person
She is not qualified to go to my bed
this is my bed
Even you belong to me
Of course this bed belongs to me.
I mean
between me and you
No third party
Isn’t it enough for me to accompany you?
Could it be that this bed thing made me handsome Lin Long?
I'll tell you today
With me or without him